docs: explain TreeDataProvider sorting and filtering (#5038)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/tree-grid/data-binding.adoc

    Comparator<Folder> comparator = switch (event.getValue()) {
        case "Name (A-Z)" -> Comparator.comparing(Folder::name);
        case "Name (Z-A)" -> Comparator.comparing(Folder::name).reversed();
        default -> null;
    };

    if (comparator != null) {
        // The comparator can't be passed directly because it doesn't implement
        // SerializableComparator, which is required by setSortComparator. Using
        // comparator::compare works as a workaround, as long as no serialization
        // is triggered at runtime.
        treeDataProvider.setSortComparator(comparator::compare);
    } else {
        treeDataProvider.setSortComparator(null);
    }
});
----

The `setSortComparator` method re-renders the Tree Grid automatically, so calling `refreshAll` isn't necessary.

[NOTE]
====
Sorting in tree structures is always performed independently at each level to avoid breaking the links between parents and their children.
====

=== Filtering Items

Tree Data Provider also supports in-memory filtering. You can apply filtering by providing a filter predicate via the `TreeDataProvider#setFilter(SerializablePredicate<T>)` method.

> The following example demonstrates how this method can be used to filter folders based on a search term entered in a TextField component. As the user types, the Tree Grid updates in real time to show only folders whose names contain the search term:

Author: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how this method can be used to filter folders based on a search term entered in a Text Field component. As the user types, the Tree Grid updates in real time to show only folders whose names contain the search term:
```
